You see, the word old is not a bad word.
In some places, Tokyo is Tokyo, and Osaka is Osaka.
In some places, I don't know if it's Tokyo or Japan or the world.
Children have a lot of flowers and a wide range of things.
There was a grandfather and a grandmother.
What do you think the old man is?
The old man is a man, but the old man is a woman.
The old man is taller than the mountain, and the woman is taller than the sea.
The old man is on the mountain, and the woman is on the sea.
The woman is in the same boat, so she is a woman.
It's a cute little thing.
It's a little funny.
The peach is flowing.
I don't care if it's a peach or not.
It's not like a human being in a peach.
If you think you're going to fall, you're going to fall.
I thought I was going to fall.
Where do you come from?
When you start to ask where people come from,
humans come from between peaches.
I can't say that, so I'll fix it.
You're a single-minded man.
Don't get angry with the demon.
It's a bad thing.
There's no demon.
It's a question of demons.
Where is the kid?
The boy on the right was born.
I drew a picture of that child.
There is no demon in my picture.
There is a demon in the heart.
I'm a single-minded boy.
I don't think a demon can get a girl.
I'm a single-minded person.
I have to go to school.
I have to go to school and teach my parents.
I'm not a good son.
Momotaro is in a bad situation.
Dad, did you understand?
Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad.